"Do I throw out everything we built or keep it?" – You’re Losing Me
"How can you say that you love someone you can’t tell is dying?" – You’re Losing Me
"My face was gray, but you won’t admit that we were sick." – You’re Losing Me
"I know my pain is such an imposition." – You’re Losing Me
"All I did was bleed as I tried to be the bravest soldier." – You’re Losing Me
"Rough on the surface, but you cut through like a knife." – Willow
"The more that you say, the less I know." – Willow
"I'm begging for you to take my hand." – Willow
"What must it be like to grow up that beautiful?" – Gold Rush
"I don't like that anyone would die to feel your touch." – Gold Rush
"I don't like that falling feels like flying 'til the bone crush." – Gold Rush
"I can't dare to dream about you anymore." – Gold Rush
"My mind turns your life into folklore." – Gold Rush
"Bustling crowds or silent sleepers, you're not sure which is worse." – Champagne Problems
"Because I dropped your hand while dancing." – Champagne Problems
"Your heart was glass, I dropped it." – Champagne Problems
"I never was ready, so I watch you go." – Champagne Problems
"You won't remember all my champagne problems." – Champagne Problems
"Sometimes you just don't know the answer 'til someone's on their knees and asks you." – Champagne Problems
"Now I know I'm never gonna love again." – Cowboy Like Me
"Dancing is a dangerous game." – Cowboy Like Me
"I've got some tricks up my sleeve, takes one to know one." – Cowboy Like Me
"Eyes full of stars, hustling for the good life." – Cowboy Like Me
"Autumn leaves falling down like pieces into place" – All Too Well (10 Minute Version)
"You almost ran the red because you were looking over at me." – All Too Well (10 Minute Version)
"You taught me about your past thinking your future was me." – All Too Well (10 Minute Version)
"Any time now, he's gonna say it's love." – All Too Well (10 Minute Version)
"Maybe we got lost in translation." – All Too Well (10 Minute Version)
"And you call me up again just to break me like a promise." – All Too Well (10 Minute Version)
"They say all's well that ends well but I'm in a new hell every time." – All Too Well (10 Minute Version)
"Time won't fly, it's like I'm paralyzed by it." – All Too Well (10 Minute Version)
"I'd like to be my old self again but I'm still trying to find it." – All Too Well (10 Minute Version)
"Just between us, did the love affair maim you all too well?" – All Too Well (10 Minute Version)
"I'm a soldier who's returning half her weight." – All Too Well (10 Minute Version)
"Back before you lost the one real thing you've ever known." – All Too Well (10 Minute Version)
"I still remember the first fall of snow and how it glistened as it fell." – All Too Well (10 Minute Version)
"I'm always waiting for you to be waiting below." – Cruel Summer
"What doesn't kill me makes me want you more." – Cruel Summer
"And I snuck in through the garden gate every night that summer just to seal my fate." – Cruel Summer
"I don't wanna keep secrets just to keep you." – Cruel Summer
"For whatever it's worth I love you, ain't that the worst thing you ever heard?" – Cruel Summer
"I was supposed to be sent away, but they forgot to come and get me." – Fortnight
"And no one here's to blame, but what about your quiet treason?" – Fortnight
"And I love you, it's ruining my life." – Fortnight
"Your wife waters flowers, I wanna kill her." – Fortnight
"There in her glittering prime, the lights refract sequin stars off her silhouette every night." – I Can Do It With A Broken Heart
"Babe, you gotta fake it 'til you make it." – I Can Do It With A Broken Heart
"He said he'd love me all his life but that life was too short." – I Can Do It With A Broken Heart
"I'm so obsessed with him, but he avoids me like the plague." – I Can Do It With A Broken Heart
"I'm miserable and nobody even knows." – I Can Do It With A Broken Heart
"But I can see us lost in the memory." – August
"Your back beneath the sun, wishing I could write my name on it." – August
"You weren't mine to lose." – August
"This is our place, we make the rules." – Lover
"There's a dazzling haze, a mysterious way about you, dear, have I known you 20 seconds or 20 years?" – Lover
"My heart's been borrowed and yours has been blue." – Lover
"Can we always be this close forever and ever?" – Lover
"When you are young, they assume you know nothing." – Cardigan
"Drunk under a streetlight, I knew you." – Cardigan
"A friend to all is a friend to none." – Cardigan
"You drew stars around my scars." – Cardigan
"I knew you'd haunt all of my what-ifs." – Cardigan
"I knew I'd curse you for the longest time." – Cardigan
"Midnights become my afternoons when my depression works the graveyard shift." – Anti hero
"I have this thing where I get older, but just never wiser." – Anti hero
"One day, I'll watch as you're leaving." – Anti hero
"I'll stare directly at the sun, but never in the mirror." – Anti hero
"I'm a monster on the hill too big to hang out, slowly lurching toward your favorite city." – Anti hero
"Did you hear my covert narcissism I disguise as altruism like some kind of congressman?" – Anti hero
"Don't blame me, love made me crazy." – Don’t Blame Me 
"I've been breakin' hearts a long time and toyin' with them older guys." – Don’t Blame Me 
"For you, I would cross the line." – Don’t Blame Me 
"I'm just gonna call you mine." – Don’t Blame Me 
"I once was poison ivy, but now I'm your daisy." – Don’t Blame Me 
"If you walk away, I'd beg you on my knees to stay." – Don’t Blame Me 
"Echoes of your name inside my mind." – Don’t Blame Me 
